Modify Dockerfile and update README (#467)
open-webrtc-toolkit/owt-server: docker/README.md

This document is used for generating OWT build and all-in-one OWT running environment image.

## Prequisites

>   * Docker is setup in your local environment and related proxy is set so that Docker can access to external network (including Google because OWT will download webrtc related code and patch from Google)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Docker is setup in your local environment and related proxy is set so that Docker can access to external network (including Google because OWT will download WebRTC related code and patch from Google)
```

Author: Thanks for the correction, will update it.

## Build OWT images

> 1. Run following command to generate Docker image containing OWT source code and building dependencies, and a OWT dist folder will be packed with all OWT running binaries, you can also run OWT service with this image in case you want to modify OWT source code and debug. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run following command to generate Docker image containing OWT source code and dependencies. The dist folder will be packed with all OWT running binaries. You can also run OWT service with this image in case you want to modify OWT source code and debug. 
```

    ```shell
    docker build --target owt-build -t owt:build \
            --build-arg http_proxy=${HTTP_PROXY} \

>             --build-arg https_proxy=${HTTPS_PROXY} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            --build-arg https_proxy=${HTTPS_PROXY}
```

Author: There is a . next line to specify the build context, so "\" is needed here and in build_docker_image.sh

    ```

> 2. Run following command to generate Docker image with pure OWT running environment and OWT package generated in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run following command to generate Docker image with OWT binaries and running environment, not including source code.
```

    ```shell
    docker build --target owt-run -t owt:run \
    --build-arg http_proxy=${HTTP_PROXY} \

>     --build-arg https_proxy=${HTTPS_PROXY} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --build-arg https_proxy=${HTTPS_PROXY}
```

    ```
Or you can simply run `build_docker_image.sh` to generate both 2 images.
We provide a `startowt.sh` to launch OWT and expose following parameters to configure:

>     ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    ```shell
```

Need newline to show shell

    --rabbit rabbitmq server address if rabbitmq service is deployed on a different device
    --mongo mongodb server address if mongo service is deployed on a different device, like --mongo=xx.xx.xx.xx/owtdb
    --externalip external ip of host device if there are internal and external ip for host device
    --network_interface network interface for external ip of host device if there are external and internal ip for host device
    ```

> Note that `externalip` and `network_interface` should be both set if there are external and internal ip on host device. `startowt.sh` is just a reference, you can customize Dockerfile and script to generate a better Docker images for cluster deployment, for example, separate each OWT modules into different Docker images. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `externalip` and `network_interface` should be both set if there are external and internal ip on host device. `startowt.sh` is just a reference, you can customize Dockerfile and script to generate the Docker images for cluster deployment. For example, separate each OWT modules into different Docker images. 
```

    ```shell
    docker build --target owt-run -t owt:run \
    --build-arg http_proxy=${HTTP_PROXY} \
    --build-arg https_proxy=${HTTPS_PROXY} \
    .
    ```
Or you can simply run `build_docker_image.sh` to generate both 2 images.
We provide a `startowt.sh` to launch OWT and expose following parameters to configure:

```
    --rabbit rabbitmq server address if rabbitmq service is deployed on a different device
    --mongo mongodb server address if mongo service is deployed on a different device, like --mongo=xx.xx.xx.xx/owtdb
    --externalip external ip of host device if there are internal and external ip for host device
    --network_interface network interface for external ip of host device if there are external and internal ip for host device
```
Note that `externalip` and `network_interface` should be both set if there are external and internal ip on host device. `startowt.sh` is just a reference, you can customize Dockerfile and script to generate the Docker images for cluster deployment. For example, separate each OWT modules into different Docker images.

2. Launch OWT service

    a) Launch a Docker container with following command to simply try OWT:

    ```shell

>     docker run -itd --name=owt --net=host owt:run /home/startowt.sh

Reviewer 2: mongodb and rabbitmq won't be started though, right?

Author: we install mongod and rabbitmq inside the Docker image so mongo and rabbitmq will be started automatically inside the container, user can choose not start mongod and rabbitmq service and use their own service

Reviewer 2: I don't think they are started automatically; when I try the command above it doesn't work. If I start the container manually it doesn't work. Because init-all hasn't been run I think. Sorry, I still haven't really given this much time.

Author: The mongod and rabbitmq service launch action is missing in the script, will update the script, thanks for pointing it out

Reviewer 2: I see mongo/rabbitmq are started now, however I get a ECONNREFUSED when cluster-manager starts up, I think because RabbitMQ isn't really ready yet. So things don't really all come up.

I remember you had some script to wait for MongoDB / RabbitMQ to really be running successfully, maybe that should go here?

Author: ECONNREFUSED is caused that rabbitmq service isn't ready, and OWT modules will try to connect to rabbitmq. I will add mongodb service launch status check in the script for OWT will only try to connect to mongod once. Please review.

Reviewer 2: I still see that ECONNREFUSED most of the time. I submitted a PR to your branch that fixes it, if you like.

Author: Thanks for the comment, i just updated it to this PR, please review.
